# This file describes the list of all the *.sac and *.xsac files
# and annotation whether a file belongs to the Core build or
# to the Extended build of the standard library.
#
# The syntax of the file is:
#   <filename><spaces>(Core|Ext)
#
# The filename is specified relatively to src directory.

# Auxiliary
auxiliary/Benchmarking.sac                 Ext
auxiliary/Hiding.xsac                      Ext
auxiliary/Interval.sac                     Ext

# Numerical
numerical/ComplexMath.sac                  Ext
numerical/Math.sac                         Core
numerical/MathArray.sac                    Core
numerical/Numerical.sac                    Core

# Random
random/Xoshiro.sac                         Core

# StdIO
stdio/ArrayIO.xsac                         Core
stdio/BinFile.sac                          Core
stdio/ComplexIO.sac                        Ext
stdio/FibreIO.sac                          Ext
stdio/File.sac                             Core
stdio/IOresources.sac                      Core
stdio/ListIO.sac                           Ext
stdio/ScalarIO.xsac                        Core
stdio/StdIO.sac                            Core
stdio/TermFile.sac                         Core

# Structures
structures/Array.sac                       Core
structures/ArrayArith.xsac                 Core
structures/ArrayBasics.xsac                Core
structures/ArrayFormat.sac                 Core
structures/ArrayReduce.xsac                Core
structures/ArrayTransform.xsac             Core
structures/ArrayTransformApl.xsac          Ext
structures/Char.sac                        Core
structures/Color8.sac                      Ext
structures/Complex.sac                     Ext
structures/ComplexArrayArith.xsac          Ext
structures/ComplexArrayBasics.xsac         Ext
structures/ComplexArrayTransform.xsac      Ext
structures/ComplexBasics.sac               Ext
structures/ComplexScalarArith.sac          Ext
structures/Constants.sac                   Core
structures/List.sac                        Ext
structures/Quaternion.xsac                 Ext
structures/ScalarArith.xsac                Core
structures/String.sac                      Core
structures/StringArray.sac                 Ext
structures/Structures.sac                  Core
structures/Vector3.sac                     Ext

# System
system/Clock.sac                           Core
system/CommandLine.sac                     Core
system/Dir.sac                             Core
system/Environment.sac                     Core
system/FileSystem.sac                      Core
system/GetOpt.sac                          Core
system/MTClock.sac                         Core
system/Process.sac                         Core
system/RTClock.sac                         Core
system/RTimer.sac                          Core
system/RuntimeError.sac                    Core
system/SysErr.sac                          Core
system/System.sac                          Core
system/Terminal.sac                        Core
system/TimeStamp.sac                       Core
system/World.sac                           Core

# UTrace
utrace/Indent.sac                          Ext
utrace/UTrace.sac                          Ext
